Ah!
Are these all for me?
Yes!
Ahaha
Ah!
Great, it's all mine, it's all mine
Why is Miss Xia so obsessed with money?
Hey Xi Shao, how is he?
Miss Xia is now
It's lively, that's good
I'm going abroad for a while
You must take good care of him
No matter what he asks
You must do your best
Yes
And tell him
Tell him to wait for me to come back.
It seems that Mr. Xi misunderstood me as a pig
This time, the pig's life is too good. No
I will never let Mr. Xi know the truth
How can a good little pig come to the hospital?
What? I'm pregnant?
If you don't want it
I can help you open an order.
But let me warn you
Multiple abortions in a short period of time
Can lead to infertility
No doctor
I want this kid
Well, I'll help you prescribe some nutritional supplements
Go home and get well
Thank you doctor
In the early summer, I was actually pregnant
What do we do?
Xi Shao will kick me out if he finds out
Yes.
You are the one I want to discuss with you
No way. I'm a doctor.
You asked me to do that to a patient
I can't possibly agree
Get out of here!
Do you know
I am the future young lady of the Xi family
If you don't do as I say
You're not going to be a doctor for the rest of your life.
Miss Xia, I have to support my family
Raise your hand
Then you should be obedient
Since you decided to have the baby
For the sake of sisters
I want to give you a good hand.
Hold on.
Soon, soon.
Born, born, finally born
Let's take a look at my child first
I had twins.
Miss Xia Miss Xia
You gave birth to quintuplets.
Quintuplets